## Third Supervisory Meeting Minutes - Week 4
#### 24th of October 2022: 1.15-1.45pm
##### MS Teams - Aidan Dow, Derek Somerville

* I showed Derek the beginnings of the REACT application which I had coded in the past week. He seemed happy with it.
* I explained roughly how it worked, and clarified that at current it only works with GitLab, specifically stgit.
* I explained about how at present, there is no backend, however I believe I'll need to implement a backend in order to store user information/preferences. 
* Derek challenged this assumption, asking why I couldn't just store user preferences in cookies and session data.
* I explained about security and about using Personal Access Tokens. I explained that I think having each user set up their own PAT would be the best idea, and asked Dereks thoughts on this
* Derek agreed, it's best not to use my account to access everything.
* I explained that I have only tested my application on my own repositories. We then tested the application on one of Derek's private repositories, and it couldn't locate the repo. It could, however, when Derek changed the visibility to 'internal'. 
* I will need to think about how to access different repos.

* Derek suggested I deploy the application before the end of the first sprint, as it would be nice to show Tim.
* I asked how long each sprint should be, Derek suggested I try and have the first sprint and MVP by mid-November/mid-December

* Derek suggested I give myself a deadline of mid-December for Literature Review so I don't need to stress about it next semester.
* I asked when I should start on the Dissertation
* Derek said it would be fine to start thinking about it in January.