# Pilot Evaluation Meeting with Derek, Tim and Merilla
## 19th of December 2022 | S142 Lilybank Gardens

* Tim and Merilla both expressed that they were very impressed by the application

* Tim would like the option to hide the repository names, simply showing a square with the number, which, on hover or on click would show the repository name.

* Tim would like the metrics to be colour coded, using last commit for an example, could have <7 days: green, <14 days: yellow, >14 days red.
 
* Tim would like the ability to sort the metrics on the grid by the colour, for example, show all reds at the top.

* Tim would prefer the time selector to be a sliding scale. Failing this, add a 6 week and a 3 month option.

* It was revealed that it wasn't possible to add projects from within a subgroup of a group. We need to add the ability to recurs through subgroups.

* Tim and Merilla both offered to hold a 10 minute weekly meeting next semester to evaluate the progress of the project. 

* Tim said that most evaluations aren't very good, they are mostly people just getting their friends to say their application is good. He reckons that if I get himself and Merilla to evaluate it, gathering data over 10 weeks, that should be plenty for an evaluation

* Merilla said it isn't the data you get in the evaluation that is important, it is how you write it up.

